(Thunders)
(Car horn)
Go round.
- Prick.
- Zakes?
Oh, hello, Sleeping Beauty.
- Are we there yet?
- Nearly. Are you hungry?
(Beth) God, l'm starving.
Any biscuits left?
l saved you the last Boaster.
You know how moany you get
if you don't get food.
- What are you doing?
- Nothing.
My camera battery's dead.
At the services can l use your phone
to take photos?
Yeah, sure, but why do they make you
take photos of the posters you put up?
- They say it's for the clients.
- They think you're a slacker, more like.
Oh, bollocks. Memory's full.
l'll have to delete some.
- Aah. They're of our holiday.
- Egypt. Land of a thousand arguments.
Look at that.
- What is it? l can't see it properly.
- lt's a photo of the stars.
Remember that night on the beach?
The brilliant sky?
- Why did you just call me a slacker?
- lt was a joke. Jesus.
- l loved that night.
- Yeah.
Yeah.
- Oh, you don't remember it, do you?
- Yes, l do.
- Stars. Lovely.
- Oh, my God ! You don't remember.
lt's just sky, Beth. You've seen one star,
you've seen them all.
- Should l delete these pictures, then?
- No!
No, don't be silly.
Come on.
lt's not that big a deal, is it?
(Ringing)
(Voicemail) 'Hiya, it's Sarah.
'l can't get to the phone right now,
so leave a message.'
Hiya, it's me.
Look, l don't think
l'll be able to make the party tonight.
l still haven't told Zakes about Leo.
l've tried, but...but every time
l'm gonna say something, l just...
Oh, God, l feel shit, Sarah.
l don't know why l did it.
Listen, when you get this,
can...can you give me a call? Bye.
Oh.
Can l use your phone
for the photos?
Cheers.
Have you got some petrol money?
No, thanks.
(Phone rings)
Hello?
(Sighs)
- (Beth) How many more garages?
- One.
You know that twat Leo
just called your phone and hung up?
- Leo?
- Yeah. Leo.
lt is his sister's birthday.
He'll be seeing if we're going.
He's a sniffer waiting for his chance.
What a cock.
- Zakes...
- What is he? About 40?
The only people who wear their mobiles
on their belts are dads or pricks.
He's not that bad.
- l am only doing this job because it...
- Lets you finish your book.
Yeah, l know.
l know.
(Laughs) You don't think
l can be a writer, do you?
l've never read
anything you've finished.
l'm not really feeling
my writing at the minute.
Don't you think you should put an effort
into it, even if you're not feeling it?
ls this about my writing or us?
- Do you really not remember the sky?
- Oh, for fuck's sake.
- Why are you going on about that?
- Because it upset me.
- You're not bothered about us.
- You know what? l am not doing this.
Do you realise it's a year
since you said we'd move in together?
And you haven't
even mentioned it since.
(Rap plays at loud volume)
(Turns music off)
(Sighs)
Where's the flask?
Oh.
Whoa.
(Tyres squeal)
(Horn blares)
Help!
Jesus.
Jesus!
Beth.
Beth. Beth, Beth !
Wake up!
l think l just saw a woman, naked,
in the back of that truck!
A naked fucking woman locked up
caged in the back of that truck!
(Zakes) What the fucking hell...?
(Beth) What are you on about?
(Zakes) That truck overtook us.
He pulled up there in front of us.
The shutter came up, and there was
a woman stood there, with no clothes on,
and she was screaming.
Jesus Christ.
Oh, my God.
Shit.
Right, well, what we gonna do?
Zakes?
Your phone.
Gimme your phone.
Hello, yeah. Police.
Yeah, l think l've just seen
something really weird on the motorway.
Er, the M 1 .
Er, well, it was a woman.
She was tied-up, naked,
in the back of a white truck.
Yeah, my name's
Zakes - Zakes - Abbot.
Er, the plates...
Just hang on a sec.
The fucking plates
have got shit all over them ! Fuck!
Er... no.
l-l can't see the plates, no.
- OK, thanks. Bye.
- What did they say?
(Sighs) They said they'll get someone
onto it,
but l really think they need the plates.
- Ah, shit.
- Maybe we should go and get them.
- Are you mad?
- Zakes, we have to do something !
- Jesus fucking Christ, Zakes!
- All right!
- You want me to do something, all right!
- Zakes!
Shit.
- l can't see anything.
- For fuck's sake.
(Phone beeps)
(Cars horn)
Yeah, all right.
All right.
- You were meant to get the plates.
- l couldn't get that shit off.
But l took a picture
of the inside of the truck. Have a look.
- l can't see anything.
- Shit.
- Oh, shit.
- What we gonna do now?
Right. l'm gonna overtake him.
See if you can see some plates, yeah?
l can't.
l can't... l can't see them.
l can't see anything.
Hello. Police. Yeah, l just called
a minute ago about a truck on the M 1 .
l saw a woman caged in the back.
Yeah, a woman. lt was a white truck.
No, l couldn't see his plates.
What junction?
- l think it's junction 30. Past Worksop.
- We think junction 30. Heading North.
Yeah. O-OK.
Thank you. Thanks. Bye.
- Well?
- They said they'll sort it.
Well, how?
By stopping every truck on the M 1 ?
l don't know!
They said not to get involved.
- What you doing?
- lt isn't our problem any more.
- What? lt isn't our problem?
- No!
What can we do? l'm not really sure if l
saw anything, anyway. lt was so quick.
Zakes. Zakes, the police.
- Zakes!
- Yeah.
Pull up behind him, flash him,
and tell him about the truck.
Zakes, flash him !
- What are you doing?
- This. This garage.
lt's our last stop.
We'd have to go round again.
We're not stopping
cos you have to put posters up?
This is my job, Beth.
Look, l've called the police.
Jesus, l even got out of the car.
To help her or because you were
pissed off with me?
You do things, but your priorities,
they're fucked up!
This isn't even
about the truck, is it?
This is about
what a fuck-up you think l am.
l'll finish my book
as soon as we get home.
l'll rack my brains
to remember a sky.
We can move in together this evening,
if you want. Right now.
ls that all good with you?
Why have you come tonight?
l wanted to do something positive
with our relationship.
- Oh, like l never do anything.
- Not if you have to go out your way.
- Jesus Christ! That poor woman !
- l go out of my way for you.
When? Oh, you saved me a biscuit.
l can't do this on my own any more.
When are you gonna
fucking grow up?
l'm gonna get a coffee.
Beth, l need your phone
to take photos of the posters.
l've deleted the sky. So now you can fill
my phone with pictures of toilets, OK?
Fuck!
(Men) ♪ Oh, City, we love you
♪ Let's go fucking mental
Let's go fucking mental ♪
Hey!
Oi !
What's this, you wanker?
(Man) Fucking dickhead !
(Singing and shouting grows distant)
- Can l nip in?
- They're out of order.
l just want to put these up.
Are there any posters
in the disabled toilet?
OK.
- (Shouting)
- (Man) Hurry up!
(Laughter and jeering)
(Woman) 99p, please.
Thank you.
Next.
Next!
- That's 1 . 1 0, please.
- Yeah, thanks.
Beth, look at this.
- Zakes, l need to tell you something.
- No, hang on a minute.
This is the photo that l took
of the inside of that truck.
Now, give me your hand.
Just hold it still.
Look at that.
Yeah?
Well, it's proof. lt's a hand.
Someone was in the back of that truck.
- What, proof?
- Yeah.
What good is that now, Zakes?
That truck, it's miles away.
Zakes, you know, sitting here right now,
l've realised that the...
the only thing that is holding us together
is the time
we've spent together because...
we're not working.
l know that l'm partly responsible
for that, and l'm sorry, but...
where you're at now, it's...
it isn't good enough for me, Zakes.
l'm...
l'm sorry.
- l'll make my own way to Manchester.
- l can take you back.
l don't want you to, OK?
l r... l really...
l don't want that.
Beth. Beth, j...
l'll be waiting in the car!
Hi, Sarah, listen, it's me.
l know tonight's your party and all,
but, look, l need your help.
l've broken up with Zakes.
Can you pick me up
from Stanhope services on the M 1 ?
l-l don't have my phone on me,
but maybe l'll try you later.
(Phone beeps)
Let's see what the sniffer's
got to say.
Hello!
(Grunts)
- Whoa.
- (Dog barks)
What?
(Whistle)
(Man) When you've finished getting air,
go round the back.
Oh, shit.
(Ragged breathing)
Beth.
There she is.
Oh. l'm sorry. Sorry.
Sorry.
Beth !
Beth, are you in here?
Look, l'm sorry, OK?
Beth. Beth.
- Aaargh !
- Sorry.
ls everything OK in here?
- Oi ! What's going on here?
- l was looking for my girlfriend.
- This might look like something else...
- He was spying on me! You pervert!
l'm looking for my girlfriend.
l can't find her.
Yeah. l get it.
Get back from the game all tanked up.
Your mates put you up to it? Very funny.
l'm the poster guy, right?
l put the posters up. Like this one, here.
l put the one of the car up, outside.
Here you are, look, here.
Get off! Argh !
- Don't move! l said don't move!
- For fuck's sake, l'm not. Jesus!
- Ronnie! Are you OK?
- Look, right, you've got it wrong.
l'm looking for my... Aaargh !
l'm looking for my girlfriend !
Jesus Christ!
Aaargh !
Argh ! Fuck, just take it easy!
You don't have to pull hard ! Fucking hell !
Argh, fucking hell !
All right. Take it easy!
- Yeah, yeah. l've heard.
- Jesus!
Ugh ! Jesus!
What's your problem? l was looking for
my girlfriend. You should be helping me!
Prick.
Oh, God, no.
Shit!
(Engine stalls)
What the fuck?
(Men cheer)
Mate, mate, stop!
Stop the car!
Sorry, love.
l've got to take your car!
(Whistles)
Woman driver
smacks into another car.
The driver gets out, and it's a dwarf.
So he says to the woman,
"l'm not happy."
So she says,
"Which fucking one are you, then?"
(Laughs)
Oh, fair enough.
Well, l'm off.
What you doing?
He was telling the truth.
He's the poster guy.
He wasn't with the football guys.
See this?
This is a key to the big poster frames.
And look.
- He was with a woman.
- So what?
He said he couldn't find his girlfriend.
That she had disappeared.
That's why he was in the toilets -
looking for her.
Listen, l've seen this
a hundred times before.
Couples on long drives,
they fight, they argue.
l bet you any money
she's waiting at home for him right now.
But what if she's not?
Are you gonna look through all the tapes
for her? lt'll take all night.
- Then that's how long it'll take me.
- Why? Who cares?
lt's not our problem.
Our job is to protect this place, that's it.
What?
(Laughs)
l'm off home.
See you tomorrow.
(Zakes breathes heavily)
Got you.
(Engine clunks)
Oh, no.
No, come on. Come on !
Come on !
Oh, no. Don't do this to me.
Please.
(Security guard) Where are you?
OK, now. Where are you?
- l thought you was going home.
- (Ronnie) Yeah, so did l .
But l couldn't have you being here
all on your own.
- Found anything yet?
- Yes and no.
Look.
There she is at the car.
Then she goes inside,
has a coffee,
the poster guy comes,
she leaves,
then, look, look, look.
See?
She made a phone call.
But then she just disappears.
- Let's try zone B.
- l'll do it. What's the timecode?
Timecode 00: 1 7:04.
- No, l can't see her.
- lt doesn't make no sense.
She came down the corridor,
and there's nowhere else for her to go.
Ronnie, man. Look, you typed in
the wrong timecode. Come on, man.
00: 1 7:04.
She goes through the emergency doors
with someone.
Why doesn't the alarm go off?
Aaargh !
Yeah, it's me.
We have a problem.
That girl we took, her boyfriend's made
trouble. l think he may be following you.
Got you, you bastard.
Where is he?
Oh, no.
There he is.
Oh, shit.
(Police radio) 'Ford Granada,
licence plate lima, echo, charlie...'
Oh, Jesus.
Yeah ! Yes! Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Stop. Stop here!
Yes. Slow down,
slow down, slow down.
Yeah, l-l-l need you to help me.
l need you to help me. l need you
to get out the car, quick. Please.
Come on ! Come on.
My girlfriend's in the back
of one of these trucks.
- Just calm down.
- No, l am calm.
Just check out the back of
one of these trucks. My girlfriend's...
- Jesus Christ! What you doing?
- Gimme your hand.
- Have you got anything on you?
- l've got nothing on me!
You do not have to say anything.
Anything you do may be used
against you.
Yeah, yeah !
Right, listen to me.
Someone has taken my girlfriend.
You listen to me.
You calm the fuck down. OK?
- OK?
- OK.
- What's your name?
- lt's Zakes.
lt's Zakes Abbot.
Golf alpha 39,
l've got a 1 1 2 under arrest.
Suspect name is Zakes Abbot.
Linked to a stolen Granada.
(Woman over radio) 'Got a van
at the services. Can you meet them?'
Roger.
No. No, no, no, no.
Please don't drive me away.
Look, my girlfriend's gone missing.
Please. l just...
l just...
l just want you to find her.
Look, that's all.
l won't cause you any trouble,
l promise.
l t... l took the car
because l needed it.
My girlfriend, Beth,
she's been taken by someone in a truck,
and l think it's parked in here.
Look, l'm telling you the truth.
Oh, l remember... Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Earlier, l called 999.
Yeah, about the same truck.
l saw a woman tied-up in the back.
l think the same truck took my girlfriend.
Look, please.
lt's parked in here.
All l need you to do
is just go out and have a look.
That's all.
Fucking hell.
l'm not going anywhere.
Please. Just look for a truck
with a broken taillight.
(Radio) 'Golf alpha 39.
'Be advised suspect is wanted
on suspicion of murder.
'Golf alpha 39. Over.'
(Radio) 'Golf alpha 39?
'Golf alpha 39. Are you there?'
(Radio) 'Golf alpha 39.
Are you there?'
(Grunts) Oh, fuck.
- Argh !
- (Radio) 'Golf alpha 39. Over.'
(Radio) 'Golf alpha 39.'
Here, mate.
Mate, l need to use your phone!
- Have you got a phone?
- Get off me!
(Footsteps)
(Footsteps growing nearer)
(Dryer blows)
Argh !
(Woman over radio) 'Golf,
alpha 39 again. Roger?'
l'd roger her.
She is beautiful.
Anyway, so like l was saying...
Ow!
Come on !
(Phone beeps)
(Engine chokes)
Oh, come on.
Oh, come on !
Come on !
Oh, no, no, no, no.
Come on.
Come on !
(Engine starts)
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Oh, fuck.
- Help! Help me!
- Oh, Jesus!
Well, go...go round !
Go round !
(Girl) Has he gone?
The man in the truck?
Yeah. Y-yeah. He has.
A-are you OK?
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Were you in that truck?
Right, listen. You've got to help me.
Was my girlfriend in there?
She-she-she's blonde,
her name's Beth.
Come on ! Was there anyone
in that truck that looked like that?
She's got blond hair.
- Right. l've got to follow it.
- What?
l've got to!
My girlfriend's in that truck!
- Shouldn't we call the police?
- Here, you call them !
- (Girl) Haven't you called them?
- They think l killed someone.
- (Girl) There's no signal !
- Oh, fuck it!
How did you get out?
(Girl) l saw that the back was broken,
and l just ran.
l tried to get the others out,
but there were locks.
(Zakes) ls Beth all right?
My girlfriend Beth.
(Girl) l think so.
(Zakes) Oh, no. Shit.
Which way?
(Girl) What's that?
l think l saw some lights up there.
No! Please!
(Phone rings)
Leo, listen to me.
Please don't hang up.
Er, the battery's going,
and Beth's gone missing.
She's been taken
by someone in a white truck.
So l need you to call the police and...
Hello? Hello?
(Phone beeps)
No signal.
Come on.
Come on. Shit.
(Girl sobs)
What's wrong? Why you stopping?
What are you doing?
Please.
We've got to get out of here.
(Engine chokes)
Come on.
Try that phone again.
The battery's dead.
The battery's dead !
Did you hear me?
What are we gonna do now?
What are we gonna do?
What are you doing?
l saw a house further back.
lt had lights on.
The truck! Your girlfriend !
We've got no phone,
we're almost out of petrol.
We go back to that house,
see if they've got a car we can use.
Or a phone,
and you can call the police.
(Dog barks)
Please do you have a phone
we can use? There's been an accident.
(Unlocks door)
l'm sorry to disturb you,
but something's happened
and we need to use your phone.
Please.
We just want to call the police.
Dottie, show her where the phone is.
(Dog barks)
This way.
- Do you have a toilet l could use?
- There's one upstairs. l-l'll show you.
You are cold, aren't you?
l'll fetch you a cardigan.
W-w-what happened to you?
You don't wanna know.
(Barking continues)
(Man) Bloody dog !
Here's your ball, Humphrey.
l've brought you a cup of tea.
Oh, that looks nasty.
That needs a bandage.
John'll show you where they are.
Just do it,
and l'll get you a cup of tea.
Yes.
We need the police.
No... l was kidnapped
by a man in a truck.
Yes.
l'm at a farm.
Er... l-l-l don't know.
Er, it was white.
Can you send someone over, please?
lt's urgent.
The address?
They need the address.
Berylton Farm, Sundihill Road.
lt's Berylton Farm, Sundihill Road.
Please, please hurry, Officer.
Bye.
(Teacup rattles)
Thank you.
They said they're on the way.
l'll just take John his tea.
(Girl) lt's me.
lt's not my phone. lt's his. l took it.
l'm at some farm.
You need to come and get me.
(Dog barks)
Just an old couple.
(John) Bloody dog.
l know l was. l'm sorry.
But he turned round.
But l can take care of him now.
What?
Well, why not?
Hello?
Shit!
Dottie, can you look at the fuses?
Dottie!
Are you deaf, woman?
(Gasps)
All you had to do was follow!
That's all you had to do!
Why did you turn round?
Why?
Do you know
what he's gonna do to me now?
To you?
He's gonna kill you in front of her!
(Screams)
(Phone rings)
Fuck!
Hello? Hello?
(Sobs)
Oh, fuck.
Aaargh !
Argh !
(Nail drops to floor)
Oh, fuck. Oh.
Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck. Fuck.
What have l ... Oh.
(Grunts in pain)
(Screams)
(Sobs)
(Engine chokes)
(Zakes) Please start.
(Ragged breathing)
Oh, fuck.
(Rustling)
What the fuck?
Hey!
Come here.
Come here, boy!
Come here!
Fuck.
(Vehicle approaches)
Oh, fuck. Fuck.
Whoa! Argh !
Oh, fuck.
Come here, boy.
No, come on.
(Truck approaches)
Come on. This way.
Hang on. This way.
This way. Come on. Come on !
Fuck.
Beth. Beth !
Oh, God.
Hello, yes, police.
Come on. Come on.
My name's Zakes Abbot.
l called up earlier
about a woman being abducted
on the M 1 by someone in a white truck.
Yeah, that was me who phoned up.
Yeah, that's right. Listen to me.
No, l didn't kill... l didn't kill anyone.
But l followed the guy who did to some...
l don't know where the fuck l am.
l'm in the middle of nowhere.
But can you trace this call?
Yeah?
Yeah, yeah,
l can leave my phone on, yeah.
OK. OK, look...
Please, you're gonna have
to get someone here really, really quick.
OK. OK. OK, thank you.
Fuck.
What's that for...?
Oh, no, no. Stay there.
Stay there.
Stay there. Go back.
Stay!
Stay there!
Run !
(Gasps)
(Footsteps approaching)
(Dog whimpers)
(Beeping)
Beth ! Beth !
Oh, Beth ! Jesus Christ!
Are you OK? Has he hurt you?
- Has he hurt you? lt's gonna be all right.
- Zakes! You've got to get me out of here!
(Sobs)
- Careful !
- Argh !
Oh, come here, come here.
Come here. OK. OK. Ssh.
- Oh, God. Oh, God !
- lt's OK. You're gonna be all right.
He's... he's got the keys, Zakes.
He's got the keys!
Right, listen to me.
l'm gonna go and get the keys.
- l'm gonna go in there and get them.
- Don't leave me!
(Water running)
(Barks)
Shut up!
Ssh !
(Barking gets louder)
lt's OK. lt's all right.
Ssh.
l'll come back for you.
l've got the keys. Come here.
(Beth whimpers)
- Shit. Shit!
- He's coming. He's coming, Zakes.
No. Ssh. Ssh !
No, no, no.
There's too many keys!
(Footsteps)
Oh, no. All right, listen.
No, no, no.
Listen, l'm gonna distract him, OK,
so that he'll come after me.
l won't leave you.
l promise! Look, here. Take this
screwdriver. l will come back for you !
(Girl screams)
(Girl) Oh, no! Please!
l'll do anything !
- No! No, please! Please!
- l've got his number.
Stop! No! Stop!
Aaargh !
Go to the front door.
(Zakes) 'l said, go to the front door.'
Remember me, you cunt?
Oh, for f...
Argh !
(Grunts)
(Footsteps approaching)
Oh, fuck! Oh, fuck.
Oh, f... Fuck!
(Phone rings)
Fuck!
Aaargh !
(Screams)
(Dials number)
(Phone rings)
Shit!
(Phone continues to ring)
(Ringing)
Argh !
Zakes!
Beth !
Come here.
Come here. Come here.
OK. OK. Ssh. Ssh.
lt's all right.